---
title: Task 17 ( 9th NOV 2022 )
date: 2022-11-09 00:00:00
tags: Problem of the day week 3
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to the third week of POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Prime XOR )

Ramesh was talking in Mrs. Verma's class. She got frustrated and gave Ramesh a monotonous task.
She gave him a number N and asked him to tell the xor of all the prime numbers less than the given number.
Ramesh having a clever programmer friend, asked Suresh to help him. As Suresh, help Ramesh by making a program for this problem.
A number N is given to Ramesh. He wants to xor all the prime numbers in the range 0 to N.
T test cases will be given with each test case containing a single integer N. You need to print the output as the xor of all the prime numbers less than N.

Input Format

  The first line contains a single integer T. T test cases follow
  The next T lines contain a single integer N.

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/problem-of-the-day-week-3

All the best ✨
