---
title: Task 21 ( 13th NOV 2022 )
date: 2022-11-13 00:00:00
tags: Problem of the day week 3
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to the third week of POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Chocolates for Everyone )

As Christmas is approaching, Jack and his team decide to distribute chocolates around their neighbourhood. Everyday, the team of X people take N chocolates with them for the Y number of kids. Once they reach the kids, they take out the minimum number possible for themselves where each gets the same number and distribute the rest evenly amongst the Y children. Calculate the number of chocolates all the children recieve. Print -1 if the chocolates are not evenly distributed between the people X and Y.

Input Format

A single integer N denoting the number of chocolates
The next line contains the number of Donors, X followed by number of needy, Y.

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/problem-of-the-day-week-3

All the best ✨
