---
title: Task 27 ( 2nd JAN 2023 )
date: 2023-01-02 00:00:00
tags: 2023 Week 1
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to the third week of POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Chocolates for Everyone )
You are all aware that Jack Sully was a legendary Na'vi warrior. The incredibly strong army, also known as the Omatikaya Clan, was the reason the kingdom of Pandora had never lost a fight under him (as king). We all understand, however, that the Na'vis used a strategy to battle the Skypeople and successfully protected their Pandora. We also know that Jack Sully was incredibly intelligent because, the night before the battle, he foresaw how the Sky People would strike and came up with a counterattack plan. He discovered these things:
The Sky People had N ships, numbered 1 to N and Jack Sully had N soldiers, numbered 1 to N. Jack discovered that he can permute his soldiers in any way to get a permutation of 1 to N => P1, P2, ..., PN. He would then send his soldiers to attack the ships in the following way: soldier P1 attacks ship 1, soldier P2 attacks ship 2, ..., soldier PN attacks ship N. It is easy to note that each soldier attacks exactly one ship and no two soldiers attack the same ship. Jack also got to know about a secret key of the Sky People, which is an integer K. A soldier X can destroy a ship Y, iff abs(X - Y) >= K. For more details on the abs() function, [Click Here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absolute_value). 
Your task is to determine whether Jack's soldiers can be permuted in some way, such that all ships can be destroyed. In other words, for a permutation P1, P2, ..., PN, Jack's soldiers can destroy all the ships iff abs(Pi - i) >= K, for all 1 <= i <= N. If this is possible, you are also required to output the lexicographically smallest such permutation. If it is not possible, output -1.
Note: A permutation A1, A2, ..., AN is said to be lexicographically smaller than a permutation B1, B2, ..., BN, if and only if at the first i where Ai and Bi differ, Ai comes before Bi. And search for lexographic ordering if you are not aware of it.

Input Format

The first line of input consists of a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. Each of the following T lines contain two space separated integers N and K denoting the values mentioned in the statement above.

Link for the problem : [The Toruk Macto](https://www.hackerrank.com/problem-of-the-day-2023-week-1)

All the best ✨
