---
title: Task 28 ( 13th NOV 2022 )
date: 2022-01-03 00:00:00
tags: Problem of the day week 1, 2023
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to 2023! POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Pushpa The Drive )

The red sandalwood syndicate's new boss is Pushparaj. He must now smuggle red sandalwood in order to generate large profits, and he must also find for ways to export the stock at the lowest possible cost. He have Lorries that can run on both petrol and diesel.
Petrol and diesel are priced per volume at Pp and Pd, respectively. Pushpa can cover a unit distance using a unit volume of petrol. Pushpa's lorry gas tank has a Cp unit capacity. The capacity of lorry's diesel tank is Cd, which implies that at any given time it can hold no more petrol than Cp volume.
There are A cities and B uni-directional roads in your country. You know the endpoints and lengths of all the roads. The cities are of four types:

 - City 1. No fuel is available in this city.
 - City 2. Only petrol is available in this city. When you are in this city, pushpa can refill the petrol tank to any volume ≤ Cp, paying Pp per unit volume of added petrol.
 - City 3. Only diesel is available in this city. When you are in this city, pushpa can refill the diesel tank to any volume ≤ Cd, paying Pd per unit volume of added diesel.
 - City 4. Both petrol and diesel are available in this city. When in this city, pushpa can refill either petrol or diesel or both respecting the respective capacity constraints and paying Pp per unit volume of added petrol and Pd per unit of added diesel.

Currently, Pushpa is in city 2 with no fuel in and want to travel to city N. Find the minimum possible cost of the fuel.

### Input Format:

 - First line will contain T, number of testcases. Then the testcases follow.
 - The first line of each testcase contains two integers, N and M.
 - The second line contains two integers, Cp and Cd.
 - The third line contains two integers Pp and Pd.
 - The fourth line contains the space separated types of the N cities.
 - Each of the next M lines contains the description of a road : u, v, l, meaning that there is uni-directional road from city u to city v of length l.

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/problem-of-the-day-2023-week-1

All the best ✨
