---
title: Task 29 ( 5th JAN 2023 )
date: 2022-01-05 00:00:00
tags: Problem of the day week 1, 2023
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to 2023! POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Name List )

When reading a Harry Potter book, Radha wanted to evaluate it. In order to make a list of the names of the different well-known characters in the novel, she asked her brother. The list was given to Radha by her brother. When she saw the list, Radha was enraged. The names of the folks were not formatted properly. This doesn't sit well with her, and she wants to format it correctly. First name, middle name, and last name are the only possible parts of a name. At least one part will be present. There is always a last name. The formatting guidelines for names are straightforward:
 - Each name component's first letter should only be capitalised.
 - Only two characters should be used to indicate each component of the name, with the exception of the final portion. The initial character should be uppercase and should be the part's first letter. The correct second character is "." 

Let us look at some examples of formatting according to these rules:

 - potter -> Potter
 - albus potter -> A. Potter
 - albus severus potter -> A. S. Potter

### Input Format:

 - The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases.
 - The only line of each test case contains the space separated parts of the name.

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/problem-of-the-day-2023-week-1

All the best ✨
