---
title: Task 23 ( 16 th NOV 2022 )
date: 2022-11-16 00:00:00
tags: Problem of the day week 4
domain: CP
---

# Welcome to the third week of POTD of CP Domain
## Guide:

Every day we will be giving you one problem to solve from the easy level and will increase the difficulty day by day.
Problems will be published on the Hackerrank website to submit your solution to the problem, follow the given steps:
  - Create an account on hackerrank website ( If already have an account, leave this step).
  - Link the problem link which will be provided below.
  - Read and solve the problem and submit your solution there.
  - If you have doubts regarding the problem or you got stuck, you can contact the mentor assigned to you.

## Problem Of The Day ( Chocolates for Everyone )

You are given 2 strings. First is the test string and second is the main string. Check if the main string contains the test string and the reverse of the test string.

**Note :** The reverse of the test string should be present separately as a substring.

**Example :** Test String is *ab*, then the main string should have a substring *ba* separately, i.e, main string can have the reverse in any of the combinations like : *abba, abbxyzba, …*

Input Format :

- The first line contains the test string.
- The second line contains the main string.

Output Format :
Print 1 if the main string has the test string and the reverse of the test string, otherwise print 0.

Link for the problem : https://www.hackerrank.com/problem-of-the-day-week-4-by-pj

All the best ✨
